hey y'all so this is my very first
workout since I've got back from
vacation for those of y'all that have
watched my last video you'll know that
we were going for about ten off three
weeks we went on a family vacay to
Georgia Alabama and Disney World I
brought the kids to Disney for four days
and then we caught up with a bunch of
family while we were down there in that
area happy to be back in the swing of
things but we sure do miss our family we
were so far away so we don't see them
often we only did get to work out once
while we were gone obviously wanted to
spend as much time with family as we
could so but we're back at it and as you
see there I like to stretch warm up
before I left
especially on light day I always do five
to ten minute warm-up on the treadmill
usually count that as my cardio actually
like a ten percent incline and just walk
that like a three three and a half speed
and then I use those bands there and I
do like side side steps with squat and
the resistance on those are awesome
I mean that's like a workout in
themselves but it really helps open up
your hips and get out your quads and
everything warmed up before you squat so
here on the bar I have 135 pounds the
day before we left I squatted 205 pounds
that was my one rep max and it was heavy
it was really hard but I got it and
sadly this day 135 was heavy
that's what three weeks off from the gym
will burn you I felt like I lost all my
games we started light didn't want to
even crazy we did four sets of six reps
my form seems pretty good I think I'm
finally starting to get the hang of it
my name is come out I am doing the low
bar squat
I actually prefer it and use many
gangster apps that I just got a meal
while we're gone I totally love them
doing love our squats my roots my wrists
like kill me and those really help take
some of this pain away so I'm loving
those as also you might have know seen
that I was weaning really far forward
when I squat and my husband likes to
reference to miss lean or Anna because
if you've seen him spot he also really
far forward so it's not a bad thing not
anything and then be penalized for it's
just natural for me and how I do it so
I've had two people point that out
anyways um then we did some leg
extensions on the super leg extension
machine I think I related 60 pounds
there's kind of light weight 15 reps 3
sets just kind of burn out those quads a
bit and then is
like press as much as I try to focus on
my quads here I just doing it all I feel
and it's my but I mean that's never a
bad thing to know things that can never
get too big in my opinion so I don't
mind big news I haven't really shared
with y'all yet you do know that I am
doing a powerless to meet the date is
gonna be Saturday December 13th and
Round Rock Texas that's actually where
my last bikini competition was held then
the bar power meets it's a u.s. PA it's
gonna be squat bench and deadlift it's
definitely not gonna be busting any
records or anything like that
but uh I am doing it for myself I think
the records are like over 400 pounds for
the deadlift and the squat alone or 3
something for the squat so definitely
not gonna be beaten that anytime soon
but I think it'll be a lot of fun
finished off with some calf raises and
abs have a gun as and forever it's two
days in fly day and my abs are sore I
guess I'll be having more footage up for
y'all soon so until next time remember
if I can so can you
you